Peteos,

Have you found any strange bottles lying around?

A fisherman told me that they’ve been finding bottles scattered about the beaches, filled with strange letters depicting a strange land. One of these included directions for finding that place, an island at the edge of the world, where three twisted sisters rest. I wonder what that could mean?
The fishermen say that the bottles could only have floated here from the other side of the sea, where we know from long voyages that there is nothing to be found. Is this the place told of by heroes, across the sea of monsters?

Peteos,

The bottles and messages are real!

I stumbled across something hard, buried just underneath the sand. I kicked it up with my foot to find a bottle, cheap and without a label. I took out the cork to find a piece of parchment, and opened it to find this:

	“I found their weakness. If I simply look into a reflection, it seems their eyes can’t turn me to stone, as they did with Agenor. Poor Agenor. I just hope that these messages are truly reaching someone. I will be out of food within the week, and the Gorgons know that I am onto them. Their night hunts continue to push farther and farther, so I have had to move my base of operations nearly to the beach. Whether by starvation or by their relentless assault, I will have to do something drastic and attempt to kill them. If worse comes to worst, I will try to take my boat to the mainland and escape this place. Maybe I can survive on fish until then.”

This sounds just like the stories of the heroes, don’t you think? There’s no way it is real though, right?

Peteos,

I was wrong. I should have taken the message to someone, to the fishermen at the very least.

A ship came in slowly yesterday, and didn’t respond to the pleas of the fishermen to dock, so they believed that the boat was empty.

When it finally drifted onto the sand they pulled it out, but before then, they complained of a rank smell. Something was very wrong.

Gore covered everything. It mixed with the water sloshing about in the bottom of the boat. Curiously, there seemed to be stone mixed with the mess, as if someone had thrown rocks at the boat as it left or something. That was what the fishermen thought.

I knew better. They said that there was a statue’s hand coiled around what looked like the corpse of a snake. No one had seen anything like it before. Even the sculptors brought in to identify it were baffled at the realism of the piece, down to the pores.

I think that man did what he could, and might’ve even taken one of those…Gorgons with him. Let us hope that was enough for him to enjoy himself in the afterlife.
