How many scrolls were there in The Library of Alexandria?

Dear Mr, Adio,

I recently learned that you have been having issues when it comes to learning the filing system at the library. Come see me about this as it will be instrumental in your organization of our nearly 400,000 scrolls.

- Head Librarian Aristarchus

How many different cultures’ knowledge was stored there?

Dear Paarbrahm,

You may want to prepare yourself and other library retainers for the incoming deposit of scrolls that a certain Roman politician will be donating numbering around 200,000, likely in recompense for the attack on Alexandria.

We cannot afford to take leisure in this. Be sure that proper organizational precautions are set up in advance so that this will not be our task for the entirety of the next year, remembering that the  library and likely some of the incoming information should also be categorized across: Bablyonian, Persian, Assyrian, Indian, Jewish, Zoroastrian, Buddhist, and of course Afro-Asian. I wish you success in this endeavor, as it affects the entire library.

- Didymus “Bronze-Guts” Chalcenterus

When did the Library of Alexandria burn down?

It is hard to know that amount of history that was lost with the burning of the Library of Alexandria. This knowledge has had many deaths in its time however, and the accidental burning of this building during Julius Caesar’s war effort was just the first.

After the original burning and unfathomable amounts of scrolls were destroyed, the last remining parts of this knowledge was destroyed when the Moslems took our city in 640 AD. Claiming that the knowledge either contradicted the Koran or contained meaningless knowledge even if it did agree, Moslem Caliph Omar ordered that all the documents inside be used as tinder for the bathhouses and destroyed. It is said that it took nearly six months to burn everything. Truly terrible.

- A distraught citizen of Alexandria

Mice and rats in library as pests

This note is to be catalogued for future keepers of scrolls and important knowledge for far after I am gone.

Quickly becoming overwhelmed and dissatisfied with the method that Alexandria uses to store scrolls, as well as the continued assault of the scrolls by an increasing number of rodents, I have managed to tame a local cat whilst fishing. I have named it Myeo, and it has taken up the role of the primary Library cat, controlling the spread of the mice. I have “hired” other cats to patrol as well, naming them and tracking their respective progress.

It became difficult to track all of the cats as they grew in number, but after developing a system to organize them alphabetically by name, I have unintentionally discovered a far more efficient way to organize the scrolls in the library. This method has been working tremendously to keep the rodents at bay, and I suggest looking into it if you have any problems with them in the future,

- Petsis, Sub-Librarian
