Crios,

I went to a party last night, which was why I was not at work today. I must tell you that some of the things I saw last night I am having a hard time coming to terms with.

Invoking Dionysos’ name, we engaged with drink and women with reckless abandon. It was truly unlike anything I had ever seen. Some people were even participating in plays they had organized and others drank so much that I was almost sure they would never wake the next morning.

The one part I could not handle though, the reason I ran home as if Artemis’ arrow was at my back, was because I saw a satyr, alive and true, in the flesh. He had goat-like features scattered about, and drunken women at his side. At first, I was simply looking for the musician who had been playing the lyre with such beauty and skill that I had never witnessed.

This was when I found the satyr, plucking strings as if they were a part of his body. Safe to say I won’t be going back there anytime soon.

My King,

I had thought whether or not to send this letter to you for some time. You will see that my name is not attached to this letter, so may take this as a sign of cowardice, or that I wish to protect my family from the backlash of its contents. Late in the night, we hear hollering of all different kinds.
Some are of pain, others pleasure, but one thing is true, something is terribly wrong in the caves to the South. One night, as I was coming back from a long day of work, I saw a man stumbling around. He was still upright and walking, but it was awkward for a reason I couldn’t quite place.

I called out to the man, hoping to grab his attention, and he turned to greet me. He spoke perfect Greek, but there was an accent I had not heard before, as if he was using some older dialect. That’s when my torch glinted across his eyes. His bright red eyes. Then a draft of wind pulled his robe from his legs, revealing the half-body of a goat!

Caretaker Eurytos,

I hope this letter finds you well. Something has been gnawing at me about last week’s performance in Crete. We were running the Satyr play all week long, but something about one of the performances felt off to me.

Xanthos was partway through his lines, when suddenly his voice changed. There was a deepness to it, and even some of the audience members who had seen it through multiple times seemed offput by the change. I went around the curtain to see what had happened. Perhaps he was trying a new technique or something.
When I saw, the air around him changed completely. The mask we used for the performance had been done away with, it had seemed. There was no gap between the mask and his shoulders, as should be showing from the back. Then I saw it. The eyes of the goat head blinked. And the mouth moved with far more articulation than had been possible. I don’t know if this was some kind of miracle from Hephaestus, or what, but I needed to know.

I asked Xanthos where he found such a mask, or had it made, but he gave me a puzzled look. He produced the same mask we have been using this whole time from his case, and said he knew nothing of a more complicated one.

It is my belief, caretaker Eurytos, that Xanthos was possessed by Dionysos himself during the performance, or one of his satyrs. Safe to say though, that it had been our best performance of the day.
